added description for `linking_module` (#8)
datajoint/datajoint-elements: DesignPrinciples.md

However, many activate functions perform other work associated with activating the schema such as activating other schemas upstream.

### Linking Module

> A *deferred schema* may require a set of prerequisites to be activated, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A *deferred schema* may reference some tables upstream, which are not known *a priori*.
```

> A *deferred schema* may require a set of prerequisites to be activated, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make the code more modular with fewer dependencies, Elements' modules do not use `import` to connect to modules upstream. Instead, the `activate` function of an Element's module takes a `linking_module` argument to receive the module object that must contain all the required classes and functions. 
```
